Concise Version (Titles Only):

A: {The Beginning: Null Deified}
[New: "Forgotten Myth: Age of Evolution"]
[New: "Hylia's Story: The World Begins / Interloper War"]
[New: "Hylia's Story: Clash of the Chosen Heroes"]
[New: "Hylia's Story: Goddess of Time / End of a Goddess"]
[New: "Hylia's Story: Battle Against Demise"]
[Old: "Skyward Sword"]
<Timeline Split: B, C>

B: {The Kingdom's First Legends}
[New: "Prince of Hyrule"]
[Old: "Zelda 1"]
[Old: "Zelda 2: Adventure of Link"]
<End of Timeline B>

C: {The Minish Era}
[New: "Rise of Ganon / Hero of Men"]
[Old: "Minish Cap"]
[New: "Minish Nightmare: The Simulation Incident"]
[New: "Minish Nightmare: The True Nightmare World"]
[New: "Vaati's Revenge"]
<Timeline Split: D, E>

D: {The So-Called Downfall Timeline}
[Old: "Four Swords Adventures"]
[Old: "A Link to the Past"]
[Old: Oracle of Seasons"]
[Old: "Oracle of Ages"]
[Old: "Link's Awakening"]
[Old: "A Link Between Worlds"]
[Old: "Tri Force Heroes"]
<End of Timeline D>

E: {OoT Temporal Maelstrom}
[Old: "Four Swords"]
[New: "Ocarina of Time Co-Op"]
<Minor Time Rewind>
[Parts of New: "Hyrulean Civil War"]
[Old: "Ocarina of Time" - Young Link]
[New: "Sheik and the Divine Eggs"]
[New: "Sheik and the Wind Mage"]
[New: "Sheik and the Shadow Beast"]
[New: "Sheik and the King of Evil"]
[Old: "Ocarina of Time" - Adult Link]
<Timeline Split: F, G>

F: {The Age of the Great Flood}
[New: "A Day Without Courage"]
[Old: "Wind Waker"]
[Old: "Phantom Hourglass"]
[Old: "Spirit Tracks"]
<End of Timeline F>

G: {Travels of OoT Link & TP Link}
[Old: "Majora's Mask"]
[New: robotsonn's "Cloak of Shadows"]
[New: "Deku Butler's Journey"]
[New: "Heart of the Void"]
[Old: "Twilight Princess"]
[New: "The Great Hyrule Fishing Competition"]
[New: "Twilight Nightmare"]
<End of Timeline G>

H: {Unspecified Temporal Episode}
[Old: "Hyrule Warriors"]
<End of Episode H}

<Major Time Rewind>
I: {The Beginning: Null Sealed}
[Old: "Hyrule Warriors: Age of Imprisonment"]
[Old: "Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity"]
[Old: "Breath of the Wild"]
[Old: "Tears of the Kingdom"]
[Old: "Echoes of Wisdom"]
<End of Timeline I>

<End of List>

---

Expanded Version (Major Events Labelled):
WARNING: SPOILERS! (not that these will ever be made...)

A: {The Beginning: Null Deified}
[New: "Forgotten Myth: Age of Evolution"]
    Din, Nayru, and Null create a world of monsters who know nothing but war.
    A nameless monster inspires Din and Nayru to change things.
    Demise, who perfers the old way of things, rebels and gets banished to the Underworld.
    Null gets bored and leaves. Farore appears soon after.
[New: "Hylia's Story: The World Begins / Interloper War"]
    The Three Goddesses create a gentler world. They take on three apprentices and put them in charge.
    Null returns to destroy the new world, requiring the Three Goddesses to constantly drive her away; the Triforce is left behind.
    Hylia, apprentice of Nayru, learns all Essences of Time before eating the Maku Seed, greatly enhancing her power.
    Ghera, apprentice of Din, eats her Maku Seed before finding all Essences of Nature, stunting her power.
    People turn evil and wage war. Only Hylia intervenes.
    The Interlopers, after communicating with Null, claim the Triforce and put even Hylia to rout.
    Some Interlopers repent and swear loyalty to Hylia, becoming the Sheikah.
    The other Interlopers get sealed away when the Three Goddesses briefly return.
[New: "Hylia's Story: Clash of the Chosen Heroes"]
    The Triforce is split up to keep it from evil hands: Wisdom goes to Hylia, Power to Ghera, and Courage is hidden.
    Hylia meets Link, a slave forced to fight for his wicked captors. She decides to keep him.
    With evil cropping up everywhere with new powers, Hylia gives Link the Triforce of Wisdom and other powers for his own.
    Jealous of Hylia in an increasing number of ways, Ghera obtains her own "chosen hero" in the broken slave child Majora.
    Link becomes known as a "fierce deity of justice," while Majora uses his Triforce of Power to hex people and create monsters.
    The war between the two escalate with each getting more and more powerful, until even their masters are powerless against them.
    In the end, the world is obliterated, with only the two of them remaining. For three days, Link plays a drum while Majora dances, until they both die.
    Farore's secretive apprentice, the Happy Mask Man, <rewinds time> and sets things on a better path.
[New: "Hylia's Story: Goddess of Time / End of a Goddess"]
    Ghera, still boiling with jealousy, stirs up trouble that Hylia has to deal with.
    Ghera sends her servant Cia, disguised as Lana, to infiltrate Hylia's circle and sabotage her.
    Cia decides to reveal all to Hylia, and becomes her sevant instead. Ghera still has/ replaces Cia with Twinrova.
    After being betrayed by all but one, Ghera curses Gerudo men to never be born but one once every hundred years.
    Null sends a snake to guide Ghera down evil paths. Ghera names the snake Ghirahim.
    Ghera grows tremendously in power, and Link never became strong enough in this timeline to stop her.
    Four Skull Kids become four Giants to defeat Ghera; the fifth Skull Kid refuses the permanent transformation.
    The defeated Ghera gets betrayed by Ghirahim, becoming sealed in a crystal for all time.
[New: "Hylia's Story: Battle Against Demise"]
    Ghirahim releases Demise and the souls of the rebellious dead from the Underworld to take control of the world.
    Entire landmarks are destroyed in battle. The Four Giants are killed. Clock Town is destroyed.
    Four loyal servants of good are chosen to become immortal dragons, imbued with elemental powers: Faron, Eldin, Lanayru, and Levias.
    Six sages help create the Goddess Sword. Ghirahim enters Demise's sword, empowering it.
    Link gets stabbed thru the chest, pinned to the ground by Demise. Ghirahim, possessing Link's corpse, tricks Hylia and mortally wounds her.
    A new plan is made. The Sheikah create Fi to guide the future reincarnated Chosen Hero.
    Skyloft, made from parts of Faron Woods, is sent into the sky with the Triforce and some human survivors.
    Hylia imprisons Demise with the last of her power, and dies.
[Old: "Skyward Sword"]
<Timeline Split: B, C>

B: {The Kingdom's First Legends}
[New: "Prince of Hyrule"]
    The Prince seeks the missing Triforce parts, but can't find them.
    Koume and Kotake point the Magician and the Prince to the Princess for information, and give the Magician a sleeping spell.
    The Magician casts the spell of eternal sleep on the Princess before dying himself.
    The Prince seeks revenge against Koume and Kotake, but they convince him to obtain a great power instead.
    The Sisters use the power to create monsters, lay seige against the Palace of Winds, and claim the Triforce of Wisdom.
    After his lowest point, the Prince gets a magic sword and defeats the Sisters and their monsters.
    The Prince tries to force the Goddess of Time to undo his past mistakes, but is chastised for it.
    Ghirahim tries to jump thru time for his own purposes, but is defeated.
    The Prince, with his self from the other timeline, makes the law for all future princesses of Hyrule to be named Zelda.
[Old: "Zelda 1"]
[Old: "Zelda 2: Adventure of Link"]
<End of Timeline B>

C: {The Minish Era}
[New: "Rise of Ganon / Hero of Men"]
    Thief King Ganon, with the help of Veran, fuses with Demise's lingering essence from the Master Sword, damaging the sword.
    The Hylians, driven out from Hyrule Castle, settle in the east near the Fortress of Winds.
    Ganon plagues the land with new monsters, made from prisoners of war.
    The minish appear and help create a new sacred blade.
    Ganon is badly wounded. Veran puts his soul in a boar before they flee.
    The four elemental dragons are killed and mutated into monsters. The Hero of Men aids the heroes of the other groups in defeating them.
    The four elements obtained from the dragon monsters are infused into the Picori Blade.
    Veran helps the boar-ified Ganon transfer his soul into his own son, Ganondorf, birth seemingly for this very purpose.
    Ganon is defeated; Ganondorf is saved? Veran is wounded and runs away.
    Veran transfers her own soul into an insect. Link turns minish-sized to to track her down and avenge Hyrule.
    All remaining monsters are sealed in the Bound Chest using the Picori Blade and the Light Force: Zelda's latent Goddess heritage.
[Old: "Minish Cap"]
[New: "Minish Nightmare: The Simulation Incident"]
    After King Daltus and Smith die, Link takes to visiting Simon's Simulations a bit too often.
    A lightning strike changes the artificial dream, opening up a digital labyrinth of remixed memories.
    A suspicious 'hologram' of Simon urges Link to use a Dark Sword to overcome the dream world.
    If Link gives in, he gets possessed by Vaati in the end and has to be defeated by Zelda.
    If Link refuses, he can fight his way out and return proud of himself.
    Either way, in the end, he gets attacked by a shadow and falls into a deep sleep...
[New: "Minish Nightmare: The True Nightmare World"]
    Zelda enters the True Nightmare World to save Link, but gets captured herself in doing so.
    Link meets Ezlo there, learning that the minish homeworld isn't as pleasant as the little guys deserve.
    Link has a rematch against Simon's false hologram: Facade.
    Link and Ezlo fight the Nightmare Gods: the ghosts of Veran, Onox, Malladus, and Twinrova.
    They rescue four sirens, who play a song to renew the Whale Spirit's bones into new life, cleansing the realm in turn.
    Link and Zelda return home.
[New: "Vaati's Revenge"]
    After dealing with a necromancy incident, Link and Zelda attend the Picori Festival together.
    The Wind Tribe's Attratus Sisters kidnap Zelda and take her to the future, where they use her, Link, and the opened Minish Door to resurrect Vaati.
    Link is saved by the deceased Ezlo's second apprentice, and the two try to keep up with Vaati and his cohorts as they change the very landscape of Hyrule.
    The Attratus Sisters steal the Elements and claim regions: Amy makes Hyrule a Sea of Trees, Beth freezes Talus Cave, and Joelle makes Death Mountain erupt.
    Link awakens the Elements, upgrading the Four Sword's clones to colored copies with minds of their own.
    The awakened Elements enter defeated bosses, becoming Guardians: the Great Deku Tree, the Great Dodongo, and the Great Jabu Jabu.
    Meg sticks with Vaati as he seeks new powers, and gives him her wind element upon her defeat. Thus he becomes the Wind Mage.
    Vaati gets the Dark Trident, which causes him to act even more terrible than usual.
    Vaati turns people in monster Zoras, and curses the Wind Tribe to be Oocca. He seeks maidens, not to marry, but to seal away descendants of the sages.
    In the end, somehow Link and Ezlo's second apprentice enter Vaati's mindspace. There they find his original minish self, repentant of all the misery he's caused.
    Unable to free himself from the power of darkness, Vaati casts a spell of broken-mindedness on himself to sabotage evil's ability to use him.
    Time is rewound to undo Vaati's uselessness spell, but that version of Vaati also fails to be a suitable inheritor of Demise's Will in the end.
    In both timelines Vaati gets sealed in the Four Sword. Link and Zelda return to their own time, and Ezlo's second apprentice to his own world.
<Timeline Split: D, E>

D: {The So-Called Downfall Timeline}
[Old: "Four Swords Adventures"]
[Old: "A Link to the Past"]
[Old: Oracle of Seasons"]
[Old: "Oracle of Ages"]
[Old: "Link's Awakening"]
[Old: "A Link Between Worlds"]
[Old: "Tri Force Heroes"]
<End of Timeline D>

E: {OoT Temporal Maelstrom}
[Old: "Four Swords"]
[New: "Ocarina of Time Co-Op"]
    Link grows up in Castle Town with his mother, and is childhood friends with Zelda.
    Link and Zelda sneak thru the castle courtyard together.
    Link goes on an adventure for some reason. (Chapter by Chapter, not free-roaming the world.)
    Link and Saria enter the Great Deku Tree to defeat Gohma.
    Link and Darunia defeat the dodongos.
    Link and Ruto save Jabu Jabu from Barinade.
    Ganondorf gets the Triforce of Power. Seven years do not pass though? Link is already old enough?
    Link and Sheik traverse Dampe's grave.
    Link and Saria defeat Veran in the Forest Temple.
    Link and Darunia navigate the Fire Temple to deal with 
    Sheik helps Ruto escape the Ice Cavern.
    Link and Ruto deal with Bellum in the Water Temple.
    Impa (or the Composer Brothers) teaches Link the Song of Storms to enter the Well.
    Link and Sheik save Impa from the Nightmares in the Shadow Temple.
    Link and Nabooru clear each side of the Spirit Temple to defeat Onox.
    Each section of Ganon's Castle requires a different pairing of sages.
    Also: Phantom Ganon in the Forest Section, Twinrova in the Spirit Section, Volvagia in the Fire Section, Morpha in the Water Section.
    Link and Sheik (Zelda?) fight Ganondorf.
    Ganondorf flees to the past, and Link and Zelda follow.
<Minor Time Rewind>
[Parts of New: "Hyrulean Civil War"]
    Ganondorf meets up with himself during the Hyrulean Civil War and changes history.
    Bongo Bongo and the Sheikah clash.
    One Ganondorf gets defeated. The other lives on to be the Ganondorf we know in the original "Ocarina of Time."
[Old: "Ocarina of Time" - Young Link]
[New: "Sheik and the Divine Eggs"]
    Impa raises Zelda in a Hidden Village near Lake Hylia. After passing her Sheikah exam, Zelda is allowed to travel on her own as Sheik.
    Sheik answers a call for help from the Zoras: Jabu Jabu is sick again, and no one is able to help. Ruto is injured from trying herself.
    Inside, Sheik defeats Bari-Demos, a plant-like version of Barinade. An egg appears after. Upon picking it up, Jabu Jabu's body violently dissolves.
    Furious, Ruto banishes Sheik from Zora's Domain. Sheik is carrying the egg thru Hyrule Field when Ganondorf leaves the Castle. Sheik hides in Lon Lon Ranch.
    Thinking Sheik is a thief, Malon attacks Sheik. Talon intervenes, being a friend of Impa and knowing of her new apprentice.
    Sheik gives the egg to the Lakeside Laboratory Professor, and is sent to find the eggs of the other dead Guardians.
    Sheik enters the Lost Woods, is helped thru by Saria, and enters the Dead Great Deku Tree. Defeating a fiery Gohma, she obtains the Great Deku Seed.
    The Kokiri refuse to let Sheik leave with the Great Deku Seed, insisting it gets planted in the forest.
    Sheik and Darunia's son Link help each other traverse Dodongo's Cavern, but he gets captured at the midboss point of the dungeon.
    After defeating the Great Octorok boss, Sheik finds Link the Goron and the Great Dead Dodongo's egg. Darunia is grateful to Sheik, but wants nothing to do with the egg.
    Impa intercepts Sheik on the way down the mountain, takes the egg, and says she's ready.
    They enter the Royal Family Tomb, open a secret door behind the Sun's Song, and obtain the Goddess Harp.
    Sheik and Impa sneak into Hyrule Castle, dodging Gerudo Guards, in search of something... (the King? the Harp is here instead?) They split up.
    Sheik runs into Ganondorf. They fight. Ganondorf stops, laughs, and offers her a job.
[New: "Sheik and the Wind Mage"]
    Sheik clears Hyrule Field of monsters in Ganondorf's name. Ganondorf doesn't seem like a bad ruler... Some even prefer him to the old king...
    The poe sisters appear at the Four Sword Sanctuary in the northwest of Hyrule. They free Vaati from the blade and fly away together. Sheik picks up the Four Sword.
    The villains inhabit the Forest Temple, where the poe sisters get defeated, but Vaati escapes.
    Fear starts rising regarding the new villain, and Ganondorf uses the situation to portray himself as a strong protector.
    Sheik tracks the Wind Mage to Zora's Domain, but she is still forbidden from entering, so she has to sneak her way thru.
    Sheik finds a now-lucid Vaati in the Ice Cavern. He reminisces about the past, reaffirms his dark ambitions, and leaves Sheik fighting against a memory clone of his old self.
    Sheik tracks Vaati to the Fire Temple, where he seeks an ancient Gerudo artifact of great power.
    She defeats a Phantom Knight guarding the relic, and Vaati snatches it and flies into the sky.
    Sheik makes the Tower of Winds appear and climbs it to Vaati's Palace of Winds, where she witnesses him use the relic to become Bellum, losing his mind entirely.
    He gets defeeated and sealed in the Four Sword once more, and the sword gets returned to the Four Sword Sanctuary.
[New: "Sheik and the Shadow Beast"]
    Sheik follows a rumor of Ganondorf doing evil deeds. Ganondorf claims it isn't him, but an evil phantom that took his form.
    Sheik is sent to the Gerudo Fortress. The Gerudo require her to pass their Training Grounds before entering the Haunted Wastelend.
    In the center of the desert, below the invisible poe guide, there is the secret entrance to the Tomb of Gerudo Kings. Within, Sheik finds and fights Phantom Ganon.
    Sheik returns to the Temple of Time, wondering if Ganondorf is the good king everyone things he is afterall.
    A giant shadow beast suddenly emerges from the Door of Time, with a mute sheikah male hot in pursuit. Impa and the sheikah seem to know each other.
    The shadow beast runs to Ganondorf, claiming him as its master, but Ganondorf disavows any association.
    The shadow beast flees to the Water Temple. Rauru, sensing something about the creature, insists Sheik train in the Temple of Light before going after it.
    Sheik and the mysterious sheikah fight many monsters on the way there. The temple itself is full of poison water, and may turn upside down.
    The creature's mask comes off, and it flips upside down, becoming Bongo Bongo. Upon defeat, it merely retreats to the Bottom of the Well.
    Impa and the mute sheikah enter the Well together, but Sheik is forbidden from following. They exit a while later, apparently victorious, but they seal the well just in case.
    After the sheikah visitor returned to his own time, Sheik is approached by the Happy Mask Salesman with a request.
    In return for his help throughtout her adventures, providing her with necessary masks, he asks to be guided to the depths of the Shadow Temple.
    Sheik reluctantly accepts. She escorts him all the way to the Ferry, but instead of sinking at the end, it continues to sail into the darkness beyond...
    At the end of the ride, they arrive at the Ancient Vault of Secrets, where after battling five bosses, she obtains for the salesman Majora's Mask. He vanishes soon after.
[New: "Sheik and the King of Evil"]
    Ganondorf's good-guy image starts to show cracks. Though he  wants to make Hyrule a utopia, he is pestered by Twinrova and other agents of darkness nonstop...
    ...and he starts making concessions. His policies make life needlessly harder, more dangerous, and shows favor to criminals rather than victims. Hylians start disappearing.
    Sheik investigates the desert. The Gerudo have been acting strangely. Their forehead stones have a strange glint. People have been robbed more often lately.
    Investigating the desert again, Sheik finds the missing Hylians being brainwashed at the Pyramid of Power. She defeats Twinrova's general, Nabooru, to free them.
    In the Spirit Temple she uncovers Twinrova's device that brainwashes Gerudo thru their forehead gems. She defeats a vision of the Goddess of the Sand before breaking it.
    Now sure of Ganondorf's corruption, Sheik, as Zelda, joins with the Gorons to take back her throne.
    Ganondorf, giving in finally to frustration and evil, has Twinrova summon Morpha and Volvagia (Morpha as an ice dragon) to destroy the Marketplace.
    Before she can fight them, Zelda gets captured and imprisoned in Hyrule Castle's dungeon. If she didn't know her father's fate before, she does now.
    Stripped of sheikah tools, Zelda connects to her sage power and escapes the castle, getting her tools back and turning back into Sheik.
    She fights Volvagia on the slopes of Death Mountain, but fails to defeat it. Darunia says he'll handle it, and Sheik is sent to the Lost Woods.
    She helps Saria deal with Phantom Ganon in the Lost Woods, but once more must move on.
    Sheik rescues Ruto from Zora's Domain as it freezes over, being chased by Morpha all the way down the hidden Zora Waterway to Lake Hylia, where they fight head-on.
    At the end, an exhausted Sheik witnesses the Gerudo flee Ganondorf's Hyrule, vowing to burn the bridge behind them, walks thru the ashes of the Marketplace...
    ...and sees Ganondorf creating his new castle on the crater that was her own castle: a foe utterly impossible to defeat.
    In despair, Sheik returns to the Temple of Time.
    Then the Door of Time opens. Sheik hides herself, and sees the boy, now a man- the Hero of Time, emerge with the Master Sword.
    She greets him.
[Old: "Ocarina of Time" - Adult Link]
<Timeline Split: F, G>

F: {The Age of the Great Flood}
[New: "A Day Without Courage"]
    When OoT Link could no longer return to this timeline, the Triforce of Courage was sent to Zelda, who had it broken and its pieces hidden.
    A new Master Sword was forged by the OoT Sages: one powered by the prayers of the new Earth and Wind Sages.
    When the Guardians Sheik saved as eggs grew up into Valoo and Jabun, the Gorons rejected Valoo, and Jabun called the Zoras unworthy, turning them back into humans.
    Hundreds of years later, Ganondorf breaks free of the Realm of Evil.
    People still believe the Hero of Time could appear anytime, any place, but are to be bitterly disappointed.
    Fear of Ganondorf drives people mad. Some surrender to Ganondorf, hoping in vain for mercy. Others embrace death itself prematurely.
    Many Gorons, unprotected by Valoo, offer to serve Ganondorf. He kills them and turns them into poe slaves, their leader becoming Jalhalla.
    Ganondorf corners the former zoras at the Forsaken Fortress, where he decides to drown them. However, Valoo leaps in and saves them, turning them into Rito.
    The Gerudo people deny their old king. For that, he wipes them out. However, after Molgera does his work, the King of the Gerudo breaks down in regret.
    Zelda gains a following of various knights and warriors, but none of them can fill the shoes of the missing hero.
    In the end, Ganondorf's power is sealed by the Master Sword, but since the Sages of the Master Sword are killed at the same time, the seal couldn't hold forever...
    Those sent to survive the flood are those who hadn't surrendered to Ganondorf, yet survived the ordeal.
[Old: "Wind Waker"]
[Old: "Phantom Hourglass"]
[Old: "Spirit Tracks"]
<End of Timeline F>

G: {Travels of OoT Link & TP Link}
[Old: "Majora's Mask"]
[New: robotsonn's "Cloak of Shadows"]
    Young Link, lingering in Ikana Graveyard, is summoned to the Great Fairy of Kindness. She warns him of approaching trouble. (The world may be wintery, like late November.)
    Link travels to Clock Town, now shut down practically from too much negative energy messing with people's minds. There he learns of a mysterious cloaked figure in the mountains.
    Link finds a Gerudo encampment in an old ruin on a mountaintop, and there defeats their leader to free the great Fairy of Clock Town she had captured. She teaches him a helpful song.
    Link enters the Fairy Fountain under Snowhead Temple, where a memory of an ancient sheikah lab appears.
    Link saves all the scattered fairies in the dungeon, who open the boss door, where their porcelain puppet body is possessed by malice. Link defeats it to restore the Great Fairy of Wisdom.
    Link travels down the mountain slope to the Great Bay, where the Zoras are terrified of the Ghost of Mikau, his transformation mask possessed.
    The Ocean Fairy Fountain leads to a memory of a ship graveyard. The fairy puppet boss has fleshy tentacles with eyes on them.
    Passing thru the beaver area, Link enters the Southern Swamp. It is drained, and monsters run lose. Apparently the Deku Princess has forbidden attacking them, though they themselves indulge.
    Restoring the strung-up great fairy of the swamp, Link returns to the canyon. There, Pamela's father has taken over, styling himself the King of Ikana reborn.
    After dealing with him and the corrupted Great Fairy of Kindness, Link returns to Clock Town.
    There, everyone is hiding in the sewer, and Ganondorf  has invaded the memory in the Fairy Fountain of Magic, which looks like the field in the moon. Termina's Triforce is there.
    The idea is that the Cloak of Shadows is a manifestation of the Realm of Evil Ganondorf is trapped in, torn free to allow him movement and influence, but still preventing his full return.
    After defeating Ganondorf, Link gets partially trapped by a separate manifestation of the Cloak. He has to collect silver fairies to restore the Cloak to Light, enabling it to seal Ganondorf fully again.
    Link defeats Phantom Mikau at Pinnacle Rock, saving Lulu who got too brave in facing it. He finds Phantom Darmani under his grave. Phantom Deku Boy stands by the Deku Princess, twisting her mind.
    There may be a thing about an alien structure on the Gorman Brother's property. The gorons may have been lax in dealing with things to their harm. Link may need to enter a new realm to find the silver fairies.
    In the end, Link enters the Gerudo outpost once more, finds a previously sealed door open, and descends to the bottom of the world. There he finds Ganondorf putting on a black and red Majora's Mask.
    The mask soon reveals itself not as Majora, but a manifestation of Null. It gets defeated, Ganondorf returns to the Realm of Evil properly, and credits roll.
    There is also a notion of playing as Zelda for a while instead of Link.
[New: "Deku Butler's Journey"]
    The Deku Butler learns of Termina's Triforce. He faces Zubora in the Mountain for Power, Aveil in the Ocean for Courage, and Sakon in the Canyon for Wisdom.
    In the end, he uses his wish to restore his son.
[New: "Heart of the Void"]
    Link, burdened with feelings heavy and dark, seeks some sort of challenge to fill his empty time. He finds it when he gets kidnapped by monsters in the forest.
    Awakening in a jail cell, he escapes to find himself in a great underground cathedral. There, monsters and Gerdo seem to be studying the ruins and what is found there...
    One scientist betrayed the others, opting to guard the corpse of Hylia from further experiments, though he himself became a source of contamination.
    The poe sisters show up once again as followers of an ancient cult worshipping an entity that fell from the sky long ago.
    The banished Gerudo leader from Cloak of Shadows offers Link new power and purpose. He refuses... for now.
    Link travels thru a dark cave system where he is harassed by the darkness inside given tangible form.
    Returning to the Gerudo, Link accepts her offer. He fights a reflection of his light, then Hylia herself resists him. If he beats her, he gets the bad ending.
    If he allows himself to be defeated, even fighting off his own darkness, then he must travel thru the dark caves again, but this time his darkness is too severe...
    Trapped in the depths with no escape, his only choice is to pray. Hylia appears to him and heals his soul, then helps him defeat his otherwise unbeatable darkness.
    Now empowered by Hylia, Link rips thru the poe sisters' stronghold and enters the Land of the Abyss, where the ancient sky entity lays protected by a magic barrier.
    After beating the Gerudo leader who styles herself as Queen of the Void, the barrier is dispelled. Link and Hylia drop to the lowest depths, and face the Heart oof the Void.
    Upon defeating it, they return to the surface, Link a renewed man.
[Old: "Twilight Princess"]
[New: "The Great Hyrule Fishing Competition"]
    With much of Hyrule flooding due to excessive rains, a fishing competition is declared to ease tensions and brighten moods.
    It may turn out the flooding is the work of a wizard in Zelda's court, one whose true form is the Thunderbird.
[New: "Twilight Nightmare"]
    Link gets ambushed in the woods by a mysterious entity. He awakens back home... or is he back home?
    From strange to terrifying to bizarre, he passes from dream to reality to tangible nightmare, unsure which is which.
    Eventually he learns his captor is the Sage of Water Ganondorf killed, fallen to darkness, with designs on corrupting Link in turn.
    He gets stabbed in the gut by a Twilight Blade, filling his mind with endless battles. Navi appears and helps him wake up.
    Link nearly escapes the facility he's being held in, and has hope as an invading group of warriors keep the evil guards occupied, but has his throat cut at the exit.
    Link awakens with his throat bandaged and mostly healed, but he can no longer speak. He finds himself back in time during the Hyrulean Civil War.
    After proving himself in battle, Impa takes him under her wing. They fight Gerudo and traitorous Sheikah, and eventually have a rematch against the corrupted sage.
    (Its facility may be Beneath the Well.) The sage turns into a giant shadow beast, and retreats thru the Door of Time in the Temple of Time. Link chases it alone.
    Arriving in the time of Ganondorf's rule, Link runs into Sheik and an older Impa. While Sheik trains in the Temple of Light, Link re-enters the dream world and obtains a Master Sword for his use there.
    TP Link and Sheik track down the Phantom Shadow Beast to the Water Temple, and there force it to change to the classic Bongo Bongo form. It runs again, this time to the Well in Kakariko Village.
    Link and Impa enter alone. With Impa pinning it down, Link enters its dream, searches thru its memories of when it was a sage, destroys Zant's phantom trace, and beats its inner darkness...
    ...only for it to be unsalvageable in the end. Impa and Link seal it in the well, and Link returns to his own time.
<End of Timeline G>

H: {Unspecified Temporal Episode}
[Old: "Hyrule Warriors"]
<End of Episode H}

<Major Time Rewind>
H: {The Beginning: Null Sealed}
[Old: "Hyrule Warriors: Age of Imprisonment"]
[Old: "Hyrule Warriors: Age of Calamity"]
[Old: "Breath of the Wild"]
[Old: "Tears of the Kingdom"]
[Old: "Echoes of Wisdom"]
<End of Timeline H>

<End of List>

- The Goddess of Time (Nayru, Hylia, or Cia) is responsible for selectively synchronizing parallel timelines, minimizing timeline splits where possible. Timelines where Good fails forever are forcibly rewound.
- Duplicate souls created by time travel are sent to the Temple of Souls to await reincarnation. All the rest falls into the Temporal Abyss, where Null dissolves everything to nothing.
